Yami-Yugi:
PREVIOUSLY ON YU-GI-OH...
I'M DUELING FOR
SO MUCH MORE
THAN A MERE
TOURNAMENT VICTORY!
I JOINED THIS TO
HELP SAVE MANKIND.
AND NOTHING WILL
STAND IN MY WAY!
NOW I SUMMON
BLUE-EYES WHITE DRAGON.
I USE MONSTER REBORN
TO BRING BACK A MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
NOW DARK MAGICIAN,
COME FORTH!
BEHOLD! THE REBIRTH OF
MY EGYPTIAN GOD CARD!
IT'S OBELISK!
IT LOOKS TO ME LIKE
YOU'RE OUT OF OPTIONS!
LAUGHING]
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ IT'S TIME TO D-D-D-DUEL ♪
[SNARLING]
Tea: DO YOU GUYS
SEE WHAT I SEE?!
[DUKE AND TRISTAN GASP]
THAT'S OBELISK!
KAIBA MUST HAVE
BROUGHT HIM BACK!
YEAH BUT YUGI'S
EGYPTIAN GOD CARD
IS STILL GONE!
Tristan: WHAT!?
HOW'S YUGI GONNA
STAND UP TO OBELISK
WITHOUT SLIFER!?
Tristan: ALRIGHT!
TRISTAN NO!
Tristan:
GET UP JOEY!
Doctor:
PLEASE! LET GO!
Serenity: TRISTAN!!!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING!!??
IT'S ALL GOOD!
TRUST ME!!
JOEY NEEDS TO
SEE THIS!
IT MIGHT MAKE HIM
WAKE UP!
BUT HOW?
Tristan: HE'LL SEE
THAT YUGI'S IN TROUBLE!
Duke: SO?
SO...THAT SHOULD BE ENOUGH
TO SNAP HIM OUT OF IT!
TRISTAN! PLEASE...
BE CAREFUL WITH
MY BROTHER.
I WILL...
NOW COME ON JOEY
I KNOW YOU CAN HEAR ME!
WAKE UP MAN!
YUGI'S IN TROUBLE
AND HE NEEDS
YOUR HELP NOW, JOEY!
Yami-Yugi:
YOUR EGYPTIAN GOD CARD
WON'T BE AROUND
FOR LONG, KAIBA!
THAT DOESN'T MATTER!
OBELISK HAS SERVED
HIS PURPOSE ALREADY!
I WON'T BE NEEDING
HIS SERVICES
TO FINISH YOU OFF!
HUH.
VERY WELL THEN.
I'LL PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN...
AND END MY TURN.
YOUR MOVE, KAIBA!
WELL AS YOU'VE ALREADY
POINTED OUT...
IT'S TIME FOR OBELISK TO
RETURN TO THE GRAVEYARD.
NOW MY EGYPTIAN GOD CARD,
BE GONE!
THE WRATH OF OBELISK'S
MAY BE OVER...
BUT THE WORST PART
IS YET TO COME!
SO I'D SUGGEST YOU START
LIVING IN THE MOMENT!
AND FORGET
ALL THAT NONSENSE
ABOUT THE PAST!
HA HA HA HA!
BUT THEN AGAIN...
THERE'S NOTHING YOU CAN DO
TO SAVE YOURSELF AT THIS POINT.
AS SOON AS I MAKE
MY NEXT MOVE,
YOU'RE HISTORY!
Yugi:
IT CAN'T END LIKE THIS!
I HAVE TO DEFEAT KAIBA
TO GET TO MARIK!
IT'S THE ONLY WAY
TO STOP HIS EVIL PLAN!
'CAUSE IF THE THREE
EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS
AND MY MILLENNIUM PUZZLE
FALL INTO MARIK'S HANDS...
THE WORLD COULD MEET
THE SAME FATE IT DID
IN THE PAST!
Tristan:
COME ON! WAKE UP, JOEY!
GOTTA KEEP FIGHTING...
FOR YUGI!
P.A. announcer:
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN!
THE TOURNAMENT FINALS
ARE ABOUT TO BEGIN!
WHERE'D DA GANG
DISAPPEAR TO?
HUH?
THEY COULDN'TA GONE
TOO FAR.
HUH?
WHAT'S UP GUYS!?
WHAT HAPPENED
TO YOU!?
ONE SECOND YOU WERE
CHEERIN' ME ON
AND DA NEXT
YOU WERE GONE!
WE'RE NOT RESPONSIBLE
FOR WHAT HAPPENS TO US
IN YOUR DREAM JOEY!
SO LET'S THANK
OUR LUCKY STARS
WE'RE NOT BEING
CHASED BY GIANT
MAN-EATING TOMATOES!
NOW AS I RECALL
YOU'VE GOT
A VERY IMPORTANT
DUEL TO FIGHT!
YOU MADE IT
TO THE FINALS!
NOW WE'RE GETTIN'
SOMEWHERE!
I'M GONNA DUEL MY WAY
STRAIGHT TO DA TOP
AND NO ONE'S GONNA
STAND IN MY WAY!
YOU HEARD IT HERE FOLKS!
I'M DA MAN!!!!
UH, JOEY THE MATCH
IS STARTING...?
OH YEAH...
NOW REMEMBER,
EVERYTHING YOU NEED
IS IN YOUR DECK!
YOU JUST HAVE TO
BELIEVE IN YOUR CARDS,
AND A LITTLE BIT OF LUCK
WOULDN'T HURT EITHER!
WHO NEEDS LUCK
WHEN YOU GOT SKILLS
LIKE MINE!?
P.A. announcer:
DUELISTS TAKE YOUR POSITIONS!
ALRIGHT I WANT
A NICE CLEAN DUEL.
YOU'LL EACH START WITH
2000 LIFE POINTS.
AND DIRECT ATTACKS ON YOUR
OPPONENT ARE NOT ALLOWED!
NOW SHAKE HANDS
AND WHEN THE BELL RINGS
COME OUT DUELING!
GOOD LUCK.
YOU TOO.
[BELL RINGING]
DIS SEEMS LIKE MORE
THAN JUST A DREAM.
IT'S LIKE I GOTTA WIN
DIS FIGHT AT ALL COSTS!
ALL RIGHT!
IF THE TWO OPPONENTS
ARE READY
THEN WE'LL BEGIN THE DUEL
RIGHT NOW!
Judge: START THE DUEL!
YOU'RE IN TROUBLE NOW
WHEELER!
MY MOVE!
NOW I PLAY...
NEKOGAL NUMBER 1!
NOT BAD, HUH?
BIG DEAL!
IT'S MY MOVE!
LET'S SEE...
M-WARRIOR NUMBER 1?
DIS GUY'S ONLY GOT
1000 ATTACK POINTS.
REMEMBER JOEY
A MONSTER'S STRENGTH
IS NOT ALWAYS THE KEY
TO WINNING IN DUEL MONSTERS.
COMBINING YOUR MONSTERS
WITH MAGIC CARDS
IS OFTEN MORE IMPORTANT!
GRAMPS HAS A POINT!
I PLAY
M-WARRIOR NUMBER 1!
BUT DAT'S NOT ALL!
I'LL ALSO THROW IN
DA MAGIC CARD
LEGENDARY SWORD!
DAT INCREASES
MY WARRIOR'S
ATTACK POINTS
BY A WHOPPING 300!
SO READ IT
AND WEEP JUNIOR!
NOW FOR DA FUN PART...
M-WARRIOR,
ATTACK HIS MONSTA!
OHHH...
NOT BAD, HAH?
THERE'S MORE TA COME!
WELL NOW IT'S MY TURN
SO LOOK OUT!
YOU'RE GOING DOWN!
ALRIGHT...
FIRST, I'LL PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN.
THEN I'LL PLAY THIS BAD BOY
KNOWN AS LESSER DRAGON!
TAKE IT AWAY, WHEELER!
DA PLEASURE'S ALL MINE.
I'M AFRAID YOU GOT A LOT
TO LEARN, HALF-PINT!
YOU SHOULDA PLAYED
YOUR LITTLE DRAGON
IN DEFENSE MODE!
OH WELL, LIVE AND LEARN!
M-WARRIOR DO YOUR STUFF!
BLAST HIS LESSER DRAGON
INTO DA NEXT MILLENNIUM
RIGHT NOW!
NOT SO FAST, WHEELER!
WATCH THIS!
A TRAP!
BUT NOT JUST ANY TRAP!!
IT'S CALLED REINFORCEMENTS
AND IT RAISES THE ATTACK POINTS
OF MY MONSTER BY 500!
SAY GOODBYE
TO YOUR WARRIOR!
AAH! BURNT TO A CRISP!
NOT COOL.
YOU CALL YOURSELF
A DUELIST, WHEELER?!
IF THAT'S YOUR BEST
I'M GONNA DESTROY YOU
ONE, TWO, THREE!
HMM. WE'LL SEE KID!
HUH.
I SUMMON TIGER AXE
IN ATTACK MODE!
WHATTA YA SAY
TA DAT, TWERP!?
IS THAT ALL YOU'VE GOT?
GO AHEAD AND MAKE
YOUR MOVE KAIBA!
HMM.
THIS DUEL HAS GROWN
TIRESOME.
THE OUTCOME IS OF
NO CONSEQUENCE TO ME
AS LONG AS A WINNER
IS DECLARED SOON!
FOR NO MATTER
WHO WINS THIS...
I WILL BE
THE ULTIMATE VICTOR!
HA HA HA HA!
ALRIGHT!
NOW IT'S TIME TO BURY
THE PAST AND MOVE ON!
IF YOU WANT TO BELIEVE THAT
WE DUELED 5000 YEARS AGO,
BE MY GUEST!
BUT DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME
TRYING TO CONVINCE ME
THAT IT'S TRUE!
I BELIEVE IN
ONLY ONE THING
AND THAT'S MY SUPREME
DUELING SKILLS YUGI!
EVERYTHING ELSE
IS MEANINGLESS!
NOW THEN...
LET'S GET ON WITH THIS DUEL
SO I CAN FINALLY RECLAIM
WHAT I RIGHTFULLY DESERVE!
THE TITLE THAT YOU STOLE
FROM ME, YUGI!
I WILL BE KNOWN AS
THE WORLD'S
GREATEST DUELIST!
I'M AFRAID
THAT THIS IS
THE FINAL TURN.
IT'S OVER!
I SWITCH LORD OF DRAGONS
TO DEFENSE MODE!
THEN I ACTIVATE
THE MAGIC CARD,
THE FLUTE OF
SUMMONING DRAGON!
Yami-Yugi: THIS CAN MEAN
ONLY ONE THING!
I TAKE IT YOUR FAMILIAR
WITH MY STRATEGY!
AS SOON AS MY LORD OF DRAGONS
PLAYS THIS FLUTE
TWO MORE DRAGONS WILL BE
SUMMONED TO THE FIELD!
YOU'RE PLANNING TO
CALL FORTH
TWO MORE BLUE-EYES
WHITE DRAGONS
AREN'T YOU!?
THAT'S PRECISELY
WHAT I'M DOING YUGI!
[GROWLS]
HOW CAN I FIGHT OFF
THREE BLUE-EYES!?
NOW I SUMMON
STEEL OGRE GROTTO!
AND I'LL PLACE HIM
IN ATTACK MODE!
DAT TIN CAN HAS
1400 ATTACK POINTS!
DATS ENOUGH TO TEAR
MY TIGER AXE
TA SHREDS!
COME ON!
DIS IS MY DREAM!
I'M NOT REALLY SURE
WHAT YOU MEAN BY THAT...
BUT YOU BETTER WAKE UP
AND SMELL THE DUEL, WHEELER!
'CAUSE THE WORST
IS ABOUT TO COME!
IT'S CALLED POLYMERIZATION!
AND I'M USING IT
TO FUSE MY OGRE GROTTO
AND MY LESSER DRAGON
TOGETHER!
TO FORM...
METAL DRAGON!
NOW MY METAL DRAGON,
DESTROY HIS TIGER!
LOOK KID!
DIS DUEL'S NOT DONE!
BY THE WAY YOU'RE PLAYING
I DIDN'T KNOW
THIS DUEL EVEN STARTED!
REAL FUNNY!
I'M GONNA MAKE YOU
EAT DOSE WORDS!
SO WATCH DA MASTER!
FLAME SWORDSMAN!?
HE ONLY HAS
1800 ATTACK POINTS!
NORMALLY DAT
WOULDN'T BE SO BAD,
BUT DIS KID'S
METAL DRAGON
HAS 1850!
I'M GONNA HAVE TO
PLAY IT SAFE
AND PROTECT
MY LIFE POINTS!
NOW I SUMMON
HERO OF THE EAST
IN DEFENSE MODE!
I HOPE DAT HELPS!
Man: THIS IS
RESCUE COPTER ONE...
WE'RE APPROACHING
KAIBA CORP ISLAND...OVER.
LOOKS LIKE I HAVE FOUR MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD NOW.
AND YOU...
ALL YOU'VE GOT IS
YOUR DARK MAGICIAN
AND YOU PATHETIC
MAGNET WARRIOR, YUGI!
AND YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS...
I CAN ANNIHILATE THEM
AND WIPE OUT YOUR LIFE POINTS!
YUGI! JUST GIVE UP NOW!
Yugi: OH NO!
I'M OUT OF OPTIONS!
WHAT DO YOU THINK IS
GOING ON UP THERE, GUYS?
LET'S HOPE
THAT YUGI'S WINNING
SO THIS WHOLE NIGHTMARE
CAN END ALREADY!
EVERYTHING'S GONNA BE
JUST FINE GUYS!
ISN'T THAT RIGHT JOEY?
OKAY!
NOW I PLAY THE MAGIC CARD...
STOP DEFENSE!
Joey: WHAT!?
YOU HEARD WHAT I SAID
WHEELER!
I'M USING
MY STOP DEFENSE
MAGIC CARD
TO SWITCH YOUR
HERO OF THE EAST
FROM DEFENSE
TO ATTACK MODE!
NOW METAL DRAGON
ATTACK AND DESTROY
HIS MONSTER!
NO, NOT AGAIN!
I CAN'T BELIEVE
THIS KID IS DUELING
CIRCLES AROUND ME!
I PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN
ON THE FIELD.
THAT'S ALL FOR NOW!
AND REMEMBER YOU ONLY HAVE
300 LIFE POINTS
SO NEXT TURN YOU'RE A GONER!
OH YEAH!? I GOT A PLAN,
DON'CHU WORRY!
SHIELD AND SWORD.
I WISH I REALLY DID
HAVE A PLAN!
BUT WHAT AM I SUPPOSED
TO DO WIT A MAGIC CARD
DAT SWITCHES THE ATTACK
AND DEFENSE POINTS
OF EVERY MONSTER
ON THE FIELD?
LET'S SEE.
DAT METAL DRAGON 'A HIS
HAS 1700 DEFENSE POINTS,
SO IF I USE MY SHIELD
AND SWORD MAGIC CARD,
HIS DRAGON'S ATTACK
POINTS BECOME 1700.
DAT MEANS ALL I GOTTA DO
IS PLAY A MONSTER WITH
HIGHER DEFENSE POINTS
THAN HIS METAL DRAGON!
DA PROBLEM IS...
I DON'T HAVE ONE!
IT DOESN'T REALLY MATTER
WHAT YOU PLAY...
DON'T YOU KNOW
IT'S WAY TOO LATE
FOR YOU TO TURN THIS DUEL
AROUND WHEELER!?
WHAT WOULD YUGI DO
RIGHT NOW?
Yugi: REMEMBER...
ALWAYS LOOK CLOSELY
AND CONSIDER
ALL OF YOUR OPTIONS!
WAIT! DAT'S IT!
ALL I HAVE TO DO IS
USE THAT MAGIC CARD
ON HIS METAL DRAGON
FIRST!
AND IF ALL GOES WELL
I SHOULD BE
ABLE TO SEND IT
TO THE GRAVEYARD!
HERE GOES...
FIRST I'LL SUMMON
A GOOD BUDDY 'A MINE
KNOWN AS
FLAME SWORDSMAN!
WAIT...
YOUR METAL DRAGON
IS A WIND ATTRIBUTE
MONSTER ISN'T IT?
YEAH...
THEN I CAN USE THIS!
NOW I ACTIVATE
MY GUST FAN
MAGIC CARD!!
IT RAISES
YOUR MONSTA'S
ATTACK POINTS,
BUT LOWERS
ITS DEFENSE
POINTS!
THAT WAS POINTLESS!
WHY WOULD YOU WASTE
YOUR MAGIC CARD
JUST TO MAKE MY MONSTER
EVEN STRONGER!
THE PRESSURE'S
GETTING TO YOU!
HERE I AM
ABOUT TO END THIS DUEL
IN ONE MORE TURN...
AND INSTEAD OF
HELPING YOURSELF
YOU MAKE IT EVEN EASIER
FOR ME TO WIN!
WHAT KINDA DUELIST
ARE YOU!?
DA KIND DAT KICKS BUTT!
SO CHECK DIS OUT!
IT'S MY SHIELD AND SWORD
MAGIC CARD!
DIDN'T SEE DAT ONE
COMING, DID YA?
[GASP]
NOW YA GET
WHY I LOWERED
YOUR MONSTA'S
DEFENSE POINTS!?
WELL, ALLOW ME
TO EXPLAIN IT...
MY SHIELD AND SWORD
MAGIC CARD
SWITCHES THE ATTACK
AND DEFENSE POINTS
OF EVERY MONSTER
ON THE FIELD!
THAT MEANS YOUR MONSTER'S
STRONGER NOW!
NOW YOU'RE CATCHIN' ON,
SHORTY!
FLAME SWORDSMAN,
ATTACK HIS METAL DRAGON!
SAY GOODBYE TO
'OL METAL MOUTH NOW!
WHAT!?
MY SWORDSMAN
JUST BIT DA DUST!
WHAT'S GOIN' ON HERE!?
MY CASTLE WALLS TRAP CARD,
THAT'S WHAT!
LOOKS LIKE I'M ONE STEP
AHEAD OF YOU!
I SPRUNG MY CARD
BEFORE YOU SPRUNG YOURS!
WAIT YOU DID WHAT!?
I ADDED 500 DEFENSE POINTS
TO MY DRAGON
WHICH, THANKS TO
YOUR MAGIC CARD,
INCREASED IT'S
ATTACK POINTS INSTEAD.
I GET IT, BECAUSE OF ME
YOUR METAL DRAGON
WAS ABLE TO OVERPOWER
MY FLAME SWORDSMAN.
BINGO, AND I HAVE A FEELING YOU
KNOW WHAT THIS MEANS,
DON'T YOU WHEELER?
YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS WERE 1600
AND MY MONSTER'S ATTACK
POINTS WERE RAISED TO 2000
UGH, THAT MEANS I LOSE
400 LIFE POINTS NOW.
I'M FINISHED.
[SIGHING]
THE DUEL IS OVER.
I WON!
YOU BEAT ME.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I DUELED MY HARDEST TODAY
AND THAT'S ALL THAT MATTERS.
NICE DUEL, YOU HAD SOME
GREAT MOVES OUT THERE.
THANKS, YOU WEREN'T
SO BAD YOURSELF.
THAT SHIELD AND SWORD SWITCH YOU
PULLED OUT THERE WAS GREAT.
I'M SERIOUS, ONE OF
THE BEST I'VE EVER SEEN.
SORRY I SAID SOME MEAN THINGS
ABOUT YOU.
EH, IT'S ALL GOOD, SHORTY.
SMELL YOU LATER.
THANKS AGAIN FOR AN AWESOME
DUEL, WHEELER.
SURE, AND BEST OF LUCK
IN THE FINALS ALL RIGHT.
I'LL NEVER FORGET THAT SWEET
MOVE YOU TAUGHT ME.
MAYBE I'LL USE IT
IN THE FINALS.
THANK YOU.
THIS IS WHERE IT
ALL ENDS, YUGI.
THERE'S NO WAY YOU CAN ESCAPE
THE DEVASTATION
OF MY THREE BLUE EYES.
THE MOMENT I'VE BEEN WAITING
FOR IS FINALLY HERE.
[LAUGHING]
YUGI: I'M IN MAJOR TROUBLE!
WITH THREE BLUE EYES WHITE
DRAGONS, KAIBA CAN EASILY
WIPE OUT BOTH OF MY MONSTERS
AND THE REST OF MY LIFE POINTS,
WHAT AM I GONNA DO?
IT LOOKS LIKE THE END
OF THE LINE FOR THE PHARAOH
WHICH MEANS SETO KAIBA WILL BE
THE NEXT CASUALTY
OF THE SHADOW REALM.
NOW MY THREE BLUE EYES ATTACK!
FINISH HIM OFF
AND END THIS DUEL.
HUH? NO!
ONCE MY DRAGONS ATTACK
THIS DUEL IS OVER YUGI.
[YUGI GRUNTS]
Joey: HOLD ON YUG'.
JOEY?
YEP, THE ONE AND ONLY PAL.
I'M ABOUT TO
LOSE THIS DUEL.
GUESS AGAIN YUG',
IT'S LIKE YOU ALWAYS TELL ME,
LOOK CLOSELY AND CONSIDER
ALL YOUR OPTIONS.
ALL OF MY OPTIONS?
YUP, I THINK YOU'LL FIND
A CARD THAT CAN SAVE YOU.
LET'S SEE...
HE'S RIGHT,
THERE'S STILL HOPE!
NICE TRY YUGI,
BUT YOU'RE NO LONGER
THE TOP RANKED DUELIST
WHAT?!
IT'S RED EYES BLACK DRAGON!
WHERE DID
THAT COME FROM?!
IF YOU RECALL, YOU USED YOUR
FLUTE OF SUMMONING DRAGON
TO SUMMON YOUR BLUE EYES
TO THE FIELD.
BUT YOU MAY HAVE FORGOTTEN
THAT YOUR FLUTE WORKS
ON MY HAND AS WELL.
SO I OWE YOU A THANK YOU,
FOR BRINGING OUT THIS CARD.
WHICH IS A GIFT FROM A VERY
CLOSE FRIEND OF MINE, KAIBA.
THIS DOESN'T
CHANGE A THING YUGI,
I CAN DESTROY YOU
AND YOUR RED EYES.
KAIBA, DON'T BE SO SURE
OF THAT YOU FOOL.
NOW, MY BLUE EYES WHITE DRAGONS
WILL DESTROY
ALL THREE OF YOUR MONSTERS.
ATTACK NOW!
ANNIHILATE HIS
DARK MAGICIAN FIRST.
SAY GOODBYE TO YOUR
FAVORITE MONSTER.
NOT SO FAST, KAIBA!
ACTIVATE TRAP.
MAGICIAN SELECTION...
THAT PROTECTS YOUR
DARK MAGICIAN FROM MY ATTACK,
WHICH MEANS YOU AND YOUR
MONSTER WILL ESCAPE UNHARMED.
THAT'S RIGHT, KAIBA.
BUT MY TRAP ALSO SENDS YOUR
WEAKEST MONSTER
TO THE CARD GRAVEYARD,
FINE BUT YOU'LL NEVER
ESCAPE MY OTHER TWO ATTACKS.
BETA THE MAGNET WARRIOR IS GONE
AND YOUR RED EYES IS NEXT.
SO MUCH FOR WHEELER'S GIFT.
THAT'S WHAT
YOU THINK, KAIBA.
REVEAL FACE DOWN CARD.
MY SPELL BINDING CIRCLE CARD
PUTS AN END TO
YOUR BLUE EYES ATTACK.
AND LOWERS IT'S
STRENGTH BY 700.
NICE TRY, KAIBA.
TIME FOR RED EYES
TO FIGHT BACK.
DESTROY HIS
BLUE EYES WHITE DRAGON...
WITH INFERNO FIRE BLAST.
UGH!
ALL RIGHT, YOU MAY HAVE
SAVED YOURSELF FOR NOW,
BUT THIS DUEL'S
FAR FROM DONE.
Yugi: WELL, IT LOOKS LIKE I MADE
IT OUT OF THAT MESS
AND I OWE IT
ALL TO YOU JOEY
Joey: ALL I DID WAS REMIND YOU
OF THE ADVICE THAT YOU GAVE ME.
NOW, WIN THIS FIGHT PAL.
Yugi: YOU TOO, JOEY!
[GROANING]
HEY GUYS, LOOK!
HE'S WAKING UP.
Serenity: ARE YOU OKAY, JOEY?
I MUST ADMIT, YUGI'S
MOVE TOOK ME BY SURPRISE
BUT IF HE THINKS THIS IS
THE TIME TO CELEBRATE,
HE'S SADLY MISTAKEN,
VICTORY WILL BE MINE.
Yugi: I HAVE A LONG WAY TO GO,
BUT AS LONG AS I HAVE FAITH IN
THE HEART OF THE CARDS
AND IN MY FRIENDS,
I KNOW I CAN WIN THIS.
Serenity: JOEY, SAY SOMETHING.